in today's video we will go through the
events of 2019's action drama
gemini man spoilers ahead you have been
warned make sure to give this video a
thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more
henry brogan is a 51 year old former
marine scout sniper
he currently works for the dia and is on
a mission to assassinate an anonymous
bio-terrorist on a running train
henry's partner is on the train
analyzing their target and reporting to
him
the mission is held up by a little girl
approaching the mark but in the end
henry shoots the man in the neck killing
him
he later reveals to his partner that he
was actually aiming for the head
disillusioned with killing henry decides
to retire from government service
henry is now back in his home in georgia
he is visited by his old partner and
boss dale patterson
patterson is saddened by henry's desire
to retire but he supports him
later henry goes to meet his old friend
jack jack is a wealthy businessman
he invites him to his boat where he is
vacationing with his girlfriend
on the dock henry meets the boat rental
manager dany henry and jack meet and
talk for a while when jack asks him
about the bioterrorist he recently
assassinated
he then reveals that the man was
actually a biomolecular biologist
the file henry was given was spiked to
make it look like the man was a
terrorist
jack reveals that the source of this
information is a man named yuri
thinking that he might have killed an
innocent man henry demands to meet yuri
jack arranges a meeting while returning
from the boat henry finds a microphone
hidden in it he suspects dany to be
working for the dia
and confronts her she denies his claims
but agrees to meet him after work
they meet in a restaurant henry has
pulled some strings and figured out that
danny
actually is an agent for dia both of
them acknowledge
that her cover is blown but danny
doesn't provide any helpful information
about the microphone
the dia director lasseter and head of an
elite private military
clay varys spy on jack and henry's
conversation through the microphone
realizing that they know the man killed
wasn't a terrorist they decide to kill
both of them along with dany
because she knows of the incident that
night two agents arrive at jack's boat
and kill both him
and his girlfriend but when the men
arrive at henry's house he notices them
coming in and gets alerted
he kills a man before they can kill him
henry then goes to dany's home to alert
her as well
the two of them decide to take a boat
and run away but as dany goes to take
the keys she is attacked by a man
asking about henry henry from the
outside shoots the other three men
dany overpowers the man and threatens
him to reveal who sent them
he tells her that it is lasseter the duo
then runs away in a boat
the next day lasseter and varys meet
again since lasseter has failed to move
henry out of their way
varys takes things into his hands he
sets his team gemini
to eliminate henry meanwhile henry and
danny are on a deserted island
where henry's friend baron comes to pick
them up to take them to colombia
from there henry calls patterson and
asks him if he was the one who sent
people to kill them
patterson reveals that it was lassiter
and varys the man who was killed at the
beginning of the movie was a former
member of gemini
agitated henry tells patterson to leave
dany out of this and cut the phone
years ago henry and baron were offered
to become a member of the gemini
but they had refused the group decides
to stay in the hotel that night
henry notices a sniper climbing to the
roof and alerts dany
he walks out of the hotel himself to
divert the sniper's attention
meanwhile danny and baron move to a
safer place henry and the sniper get
into a shootout
henry runs away on a motorbike as the
sniper follows him
henry is surprised to notice that the
sniper looks exactly like him
the police arrive at the scene and the
sniper flees the group then decides to
fly to budapest to meet jack's informer
yuri
the sniper's name is jackson brogan more
commonly known as the junior
he is a part of gemini and works for
varys that night he talks to varys about
the shootout feeling weird but varys
dismisses it
the next day we see junior and varys at
the gemini camp where he assigns junior
to go to budapest for henry
danny takes the dna sample retrieved
from junior and henry's and gives them
to test
the results show that their dnas are
identical
dany suggests that gemini has made a
clone of henry using his dna
the group finally meets yuri he is a
russian agent
he tells henry that they share a common
enemy varus
yuri confirms that varys has created a
clone like him because he
is the best assassin in the world the
doctor killed at the beginning of the
movie worked with varys to create the
clone
but they had a fallout and the doctor
had found out a way of mass cloning
so varys had to kill him henry is
shocked to hear this
now the group's only way to varys is the
junior henry calls lasseter and
threatens her to send him to them
she agrees at night they leave to meet
the junior
henry stays in the car while dany goes
in first junior demands her to strip to
check for any microphones
when he is done he calls henry and tells
him to come to a place
he then takes danny to the basement of a
building and sets a trap for henry
danny talks to him the whole time about
the traps he then ties her to the wall
a noise is heard so he moves towards the
entrance where he is attacked by henry
within seconds junior falls to the
ground and henry has the upper hand
he takes him to dany and unties her it
turns out dany had a microphone
inside her mouth henry then tries to
explain to junior that he was made a
clone by varys for his own benefit
but junior refuses to acknowledge that
henry tells him
everything about himself but junior
thinks he is just trying to rattle him
agitated he attacks henry after an
intense fight between henry and his
clone
both of them fall off the railings and
into the water drowning is henry's
biggest fear
and so is juniors the junior almost
drowns henry but dany comes to his aid
the junior runs away then baron takes an
injured henry back to georgia on his
demand
on the flight henry tells dany that he
feels bad for the junior
they both go to sleep meanwhile the
junior has many questions about his
existence
he goes to varys for the answers varys
asks the junior why it is so hard for
him to kill henry
varys soon realizes that the junior
knows that he is a clone of henry
his excuse for never telling him is that
he always believed the junior would be
happier without knowing the truth
as the junior protests varys reminds him
that he has given him the love of a
parent
this makes the junior believe his father
varys hugs him as the junior cries
meanwhile the group finally lands in
georgia when they do they are almost
immediately attacked by the junior he
shoots henry with b venom which henry is
allergic to
he has a hard time breathing as he lies
on the ground baron tries to help him as
dany asks the junior why he is doing
this
and pleads him to stop after some time
the junior uses his epipen on henry
and saves him he then apologizes for
doing that
baron asks the junior how he knows where
they are to which he replies that the
officials are tracking them
at all times he then asks henry if he
trusts him
he then proceeds to cut henry's arm to
bring out the tracker that had been
inside him the whole time
varys had planted it during henry's
surgery three years ago the group then
asks the junior to take them to varys
on their way the junior asks henry about
his parents he figures that henry's
parents are eventually his as well
as henry talks about them the junior
gets a call from varys
he tells him to run away from henry as
soon as he can just then
they see a huge war weapon pointed
towards them in the middle of the road
the junior henry and danny managed to
run out of the vehicle in time
but baron dies in the explosion the
group separates
the junior runs to varys and demands
varys to stop all this
while henry and danny run into a nearby
grocery store varys poses this as a
shootout with terrorists and keeps the
city's police away
henry and danny are still being attacked
by the soldiers the soldiers attacked
them with several laser guns but the duo
manages to hide inside the grocery store
and not get
shot they then decide to fight back they
easily kill the first set of soldiers
that enter the store
they take the soldiers as guns and go
outside they overpower the other
soldiers outside
meanwhile varys suggests the junior
shoot him and take the command
he wants to test the junior's loyalty
towards him junior points his gun at
varys but he attacks him first
they get into a fight as henry and dany
are still in the shootout
varys gets agitated and overpowers the
junior he hits him several times but the
junior manages to point a gun at him in
the end
however he cannot shoot him dany's leg
gets shot
she is dragged into a safe place by
henry they are short on bullets as well
the soldiers from outside surround them
they take an axe as a weapon and are
just about to run out when someone
shoots the guards around them down
it is the junior finally there are no
soldiers left
as the three of them talk we see varys
send the last sniper towards them
he attacks him through the roof while
the boys fight dany sets the new sniper
on fire but he still walks with his body
in flames
the junior then hits him several times
with a gun he shows no signs of pain
from his demore
but falls later they remove his mask to
reveal that he too
is a clone of henry and the junior dany
asks him if he can feel pain
but he dies before he can answer then
varys arrives at the scene
the group gets altered he tells henry
that he was the inspiration for all of
this
he used to see henry work and wondered
if all his men could be as good as him
he worked hard to bring his idea into
existence varys explains that his motive
behind all this
is not a bad one he wants the american
soldiers to be replaced by the ones who
do not feel pain or sorrow
the junior is about to shoot varys but
henry stops him according to him the
junior will regret this his whole life
having had the burden of killing people
already henry shoots varys himself
killing him cut to a few months later
henry talks to patterson who informs him
that the gemini
lab has been closed for good no more
clones of henry are left except for the
junior
henry finally retires from his service
six months later he meets with junior
and danny again
jr has enrolled in college under the
assumed identity of jackson brogan
after henry's mother's surname the movie
ends as henry and danny plan jackson's
future
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to the channel to see
more of these movie summaries